Yeah, I tell you, man, that factories at Pittsman last night I got him to the hassle with James Boyd. I'm in the cafeteria, and they took a break.
That was just a little bit too long, and I gave him a half a hard break stretch a 15 min break into a half hour, and then he comes into the cafeteria, and I thought he was coming in to chase everybody.
Away, but he's coming after me and he calls me now fucking out the door right as he's walking in the other.
And he goes. George, I want to talk to you. Come here and go.
Oh, man, what is this about? And on my production card See? the day before yesterday I did ice cream right balling.
And you got to pack those in cases and so like I didn't put that done on my production.
How many cases you packed I don't know man I packed 2 talents, you know I don't know how many cases that is, but you know that that shit was heavy man and like and like done on the cart.
You know no cases because it was lost. time, you know you know we we strip the signs and everything, and like we were teaming up with somebody. you're working alone. Oh, Gutierrez is doing the same. job. But we weren't Working alone.
Yeah, and so he comes and says, well, he goes I don't know if you've if you've packed this or not, you know, on your production, Carl, it says you know that you did 3,000 sheets.
Per chili loads. Yeah, but you didn't pack it so go.
Yeah, I go. look, man, there they are, you can see there's my name stamped right on. there.
I just didn't put it down. Oh, well i'll go to figure it on.
It was, What are you doing in the cafeteria so late? I'm just going.
Oh, man, this is the pits man this is that's what we wanted to hear.
Yeah, really, this fucking my appetite you know getting on my case.
That's Nothing new. it's nothing always been like it's part for the course. man. right?
Yeah, definitely. Well, I can't take that type of living anymore. even if this career doesn't work out for me i'll find something else that will something else. we're gonna do real estate.
Maybe definitely, I got my books and everything i'll be studying, and but in a sense I need some type of steady income.
But the competition man, is it real tough like on the lot Yeah, it is. There's definitely there's guys that have been doing that for 5 years, and they're real good at it that are real good at it and they know how to
talk to the people, and they know that when somebody's coming in if they're buying or not.
Oh, they could tell right away. Yeah, but that all comes with time you know they're pretty helpful with me, and you know it all come in time.
I figure the more cards I get out the more people I talk to the more cars i'm going to sell.
It just all comes with time. Once I get my experience i'll be up there, too, and the top 4 salesman.
Your parents don't know yet. Huh! nurse don't know when I come back. I think my dad told me yesterday they're coming back to fifteenth through 16 definitely I think it's gonna be the fifteenth, which would
be on a Saturday and i'll be working until 9 o'clock, so they'll be pretty happy for me more or less, because they didn't want me to work in the factory much longer Yeah, I know my mom doesn't know what to
do to get me on, but they didn't take a trip through Brazil and Aren't.
They they spend the whole time in waking I think so they told my dad told me he was gonna go to Argentine in Peru and Columbia, but he only wrote one letter. and then they were in no one's called him I mean no one's talked
to them, he said, Postcards everybody in a letter but yeah other than that he hasn't called or told us what's up and him being here, no time is he staying over at Manoa Paras Yeah.
Yeah. and the other architect is his nephew or something.
Pablo Graph Pablo, graph. yeah he's A architect. I never met him. I know my No, no, no, no, no tone of his brother's sons or something.
But they'll come back. they'll be happy to see me here, that I got a new career going, and they weren't all heartbroken about you know Cc.
All that. Well, they have no idea what's happening right Now they have no idea they left were on shaky grounds, but you know they thought it might be able to work out so when they come in.
They'll be pretty shocked. Yeah, and and her but like I say things will work out for the best what about her folks.
They're not sorry at all. no in fact i've seen him I went to church with him for the last 3 Sundays.
Really season. She thought it might you know help our relationship as friends. and she's still considers you man.
Huh! Exactly. she does, because I mean we went to church together for the last 3 Sundays, and I went to the movies after, and her folks were at church, and you know afterwards her mom had an injury on her leg or something she
wasn't at church last Sunday we went to the to their house, and I went over there and her brother was there, her nephews and nieces, her sister, our godson, and you know it's just like everybody was real
friendly and everything. Yeah, I don't know if the parents are aware that we did, you know, separate.
But it possibly was for the better because they they didn't feel comfortable with us living together, anyhow.
Yeah, right, that's not looked on too good huh so what they what they probably think is, you know, that we still have a lot of love for each other, that Mgly not was the best thing until we both are ready for marriage and if
she still loves me, and I still love her and we want to get married.
There's still the chance of us getting back together and getting married this time.
Yeah. So I mean, I think things are working out pretty good.
She called me the other day, and you know she calls me talks to me, and I call her and ask her our day wasn't anything.
What what is your sister? say when they tell me to stay away from her?
Don't even call her anything. Wait till she calls you and everything.
But you know that's not right yeah that's hard I mean if she accepts me calling, and she doesn't tell me don't call me or they're telling you that Why, too, like Because they feel that she's gonna
get too strong by me. you know kissing her ass or something, or crawling back and begging her you know for me to come back.
I'm gonna get the upper hand exactly which which you know she probably already does.
But i'm not gonna just wait for her to call me because it's not right.
I have feelings for her. I want to know you know how she's doing.
I'm gonna communicate with her that's all there is to it. it's not like i'm asking her, you know.
Let me move back in, or you know i'm sorry I just want to remain friends with her and find out how she's doing so.
They they tell him I don't tell him I call or nothing nice, and her flowers.
Last week I sent me flowers to work and the day before I moved down just to tell I was sorry about everything that had happened, and that I hope we could remain friends, and that God brings us back together if it was meant to be yeah, and
she's real happy about this, so that really meant a lot to me.
But you did send me flowers and and then, and what you wrote?
Yeah, exactly because she knew it came from my heart, no matter what I put her through and everything she knows deep down inside.
I really did love her. But I had a problem. You had to get something out of your system.
Yeah, but I don't even know what it is in fact I might have to go to therapy or something to find out, because there's no there's no like this exactly backed out of it's okay, most men
do look at other women, and just go through their mind and everything but that i'm impulsive.
I'd act on my impulse yeah like i'd see something i'd want, and i'd go after where I I had a beautiful woman I shouldn't have thought like that at all Yeah, this is what a lady told
me that that was a therapist. She said she was going to get me somebody to go talk to, and everything she said.
Possibly was I was not satisfied with myself I wasn't happy with myself.
For some reason, and that I just acted out yeah wow so I don't know it is a problem, because I I did have a nice whole lady in jail, and the master and everything it's lonely coming home after putting into
12 h a lot, and working all day and you know working all evening, and then you don't have anybody to come home.
Share it with Yeah, are you working 12 h you're gonna be you're gonna be doing that 9 9 9 9 9. Well, I'm, if I want that's all that's up to me basically you know they're gonna give us a
shift either 9 in the morning to 3 in the afternoon or 2 in the afternoon to 9 in the evening.
So if I wanted to come in before 2, if I was on the evening shift, I would come in at night and work 99.
I was on the evening shift from 2 to 9 I could come in at work from 9 to 9.
So can you apply it right,
They hired to right on the spot, right on the spot.
He gave me interview. He talked to me, told me why I wanted to get into sales, and if I felt I could sell, if I had any experience and everything, and you told them about all the cars that you had told me I had done sold cars all
through my early years the private party you've had about like 30 cars, at least 30 cars.
So I have some type of experience selling deal. You know, my handling the money, and the only thing it is I have to work on is doing.
The paperwork is filling out a contract. and basically paperwork, which is very simple.
That you know. Once it comes along with the experience and the more people, I work with the easier it will be that's the most important thing, and selling them the car talking to somebody in to buying a car that doesn't want to
buy that that's there. to look yeah but yeah wouldn't mind owning a new car that's right, and you've got to talk them into.
You got a cell tune, you know. you Got to get them in your office, and you got to sell that car to him.
You can't let him leave without that sound otherwise they're going to go elsewhere right if they believe you and you could sell them.
You're going to make this car you want this coffin to take it with you.
What can I do for you in order for you to buy this car? I mean, if a price too much, I could work on the price.
Let me go Talk to my manager. Maybe I could drop it.
5, $600. Maybe we have a 300 rebate that you could use towards the down payment.
Maybe it's 3.9 financing that'll save you money in the long run.
If you finance 15 or $16,000 so you know it's just it's like a game you know.
Yeah. So Holmes, they put you through training all these days.
Yeah. 5 days I watched video plays dealing with the sky that that sold cars and made a 100,000.
His goal was to make $100,000 every year selling cars, and he accomplished his goal.
Every year he sold $100,000, and he retired at 35, after certain amount of your selling, and he just got into making audio cassettes in sales to motivate motivations on a system to the cell exactly books
seminars. Yeah, video tapes 100,000 a year.
That guy must a hustle. Well, it's possible you figure you could sell at least 20 cars a month every month for 12 months.
You know you're gonna be up there in 70,000 $80,000 bracket 20 cars in a month, that's almost a car a day exactly which isn't difficult if you're on the lot for dam 12 h and one car isn't all that much if
you have the clients coming in that's the only thing if you have the traffic.
We're on a busy street firestone boulevard right price somewhere by the 605 right exactly right before the 605 right right right passed down here. We used to play basketball on the
Ymc. Yeah. a little passive going i'd say a mile.
I'm a mile going east you know i've been wanting to go visit you, But i'm afraid you're gonna sell me a car bro that's the last thing you need to do is get in any more debt than
you already are, man. I got to get out of my debts. yeah, and then i'd be a free agent man.
In fact, I was planning if they were gonna play basketball.
If I did go on Thursday at 9 o'clock you could go for a couple hours right down the street.
I could bring my work clothes and down. Yeah, you shower take a shower. Why not?
Because, like there's 7, and play from 7 a quarter to 9, and take by 5 min to get from Ymc.
To the firestone. Chrysler, You want to go tomorrow.
I don't know if they're playing because last week the gym was closer working on the ceiling for the last 2 weeks.
The Gym. was called the last 2 weeks and you Haven't talked to Larry Holt at all I haven't seen him this week.
I saw him last week, and he told me they were still working on the gym. but I haven't seen him this week.
Yeah, I got a check coming tomorrow. I have to go pick up so i'll probably be in there.
Need Now, we're in Federal yeah either at 5 o'clock or 3 o'clock, or we're getting paid tomorrow.
Right? Yeah. I got my last last one week check and one week vacation check.
Oh, not too bad, so it'll help me because I don't have any steady income Now, if I don't sell to make money.
I got out You mean you don't even get minima well, we get $600 a month 300 every 2 weeks which isn't bad.
I mean I could. Now that I don't have to pay rent, I might be able to okay my credit cards and my car payment and my insurance with that 600 my card payments, 258 The insurance
is 100 a month that's 358 and maybe about 300.
Pretty cards on the so. what does the pors have meant?
Did they tell you to show what you have to do? all right now?
Should I call right now? should I call right here on And you can hear me?
I have the conversation on the phone talking about my car because I have to get the car.
I don't know what it's going to cause but have problems with the fuel injection system.
So I have to have that fix in order for me to get right.
Now. Cecs lending me to sound right Oh, she's. Yeah, she's been real cool, I know I've had it for 3 days, and I was very nice and I appreciated her doing that for me she's taking the samurai
she's taking her bmw every day to work but she's taking the Sam rife you because I owe her money because she had an investment in the porsche with me.
Oh, I see. So yeah, she gets the Sam right and you get the course.
But you're dead man he's not gonna like that too much.
I don't think because wasn't either gar aren't they No, he was the he had the insurance under his name. just insurance, you know.
I'm paying the car and everything. and
But I mean she doesn't want to move the bmw right. She wants to keep it there way.
That car's paid off it's an excellent condition yeah so she's gonna hang on to it.
But she's been real nice. see that I know we're still good friends, because if she had any hard feelings when she'd say no, that's my car you know you got to see how you do exactly do your own thing
right, Huh! But she's been real nice that's Why, he hey?
You still got tickets for selling a cruise yeah you're gonna go, I think.
So yeah, I was gonna go, I think. So yeah all right that's gonna be a good show man.
I tell you it's Salvia cruz puts oh, I saw him!
Yes, is Kenyan. Where is this, Roger? Okay, Roger?
This is David Rosis with the 77, 9, over 11, the silver one with a cold start.
Problem. do you know? if it's been worked on or anything?
Yeah. Exhaustly: Okay. : Now this warm-up regulator is that a different than a cold start valve.
Oh, yeah, okay, because I did have one put in, I think about 3 months ago, or something.
Think you guys put it in? I had the same problem, and it was like 200 bucks or something.
Is that the same problem now? Oh, okay, our case. Okay, So should I just call back in a little bit.
Maybe. Okay, Okay, So i'll just call back in about 10 or 15.
Maybe he'll be there. Okay, thanks roger bye so cold start regulators. That man I just had one put in 200 bucks.
Oh, fuck that's an expensive car and then you got to get the tags on it right.
I got everything. you got, everything. I got everything. I got insurance on it, too.
How much my name? 100 a year, 1,100 reinvestment.
I just got liability triple. They wanted to give me, you know, and insurance 1,102 men.
Yeah, for dodge i'm aries man but you can get full coverage.
I don't remember I just got liability just liability which is good enough.
At least it's not sure if anything happens to anybody else for sure.
But you know I took care of the registration. I registered under my name and everything, and got my tags for 88.
Yeah, and got custom plates on how much it the tags cost you. 50.
One bucks cheaper than mine. Mine cost me 60 bucks I didn't have to pay any sales tax when I registered the car.
Yeah, how come? Oh, you did it like you said you were gonna do.
Cc. gave it to me as a gift all right honey, up.
She's being cool. I put that I gave this car to day roles for gift, so I didn't have to pay any sales taxes.
Otherwise I would got stuck $300 just in sales tax alone, and I got custom plates on it.
Say how hustling nobody else had that 36 bucks a year.
But that's a good one for that's what i'm doing now.
That's my I got a hustle to make money if I don't hustle.
I'm not going to make burn yeah but everything's fell in a place pretty good, I mean.
Things happen for a reason. The situation that i'm in happened for a reason.
I changed my career. I took care of everything, I had to take out of the car, and now i'm gonna save my money and try to get my own path condominium, or whatever the case may be.
I'm gonna be saving a lot of money working here, So if I'm making decent money, i'll be able to get something on my own.
Yeah, with the help of my parents, of course, because when you say it happens for a reason, it's like it happened to get you off off my ass.
Get me out of the factory. get me into a career that I can make good money, and to realize that I had a good woman, and I shouldn't I shouldn't want to have anybody else.
She spent 12 years of her life with me and she's always been positive thinker, and always been good yeah understanding.
And sure it'd be different if she were a bit and all his name.
He getting on your case, or didn't enjoy doing anything she always was, you know, exactly pretty much able to do anything that I wanted to do.
She was never negative or anything. And it was basically me, you know, going out a problem going out.
So it happened for a reason. Now I hope that you know in the future.
She realizes that I have changed and matured, and she would give me that chance, you know, to go back with her and try to make our life work together.
Yeah, but only time will tell. I got to prove it to her, and I got to leave her on her own.
Let her see. Yeah, even if she goes out with other men or dates other men.
If that's if she does feel any attraction towards anybody else never know.